Align put it all together alias transactions tutorial (#1099)
iotaledger/iota.js: documentation/docs/tutorials/alias-transactions/03-mint-new-alias.md

Remember that the Alias ID remains constant and known by every node software regardless of the transactions (Alias Outputs generated) issued. That means you can query through the Tangle Explorer, for instance, the current Alias Output of an Alias Id by just supplying the Alias Id or its representation as a Bech32 address.

## Putting It All Together

> The complete source code of this part of the tutorial is available [here](https://github.com/iotaledger/iota.js/blob/feat/stardust/packages/iota/examples/shimmer-alias-transaction-tutorial/src/mint-new-alias.ts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The complete source code of this part of the tutorial is available in the [official iota.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/iotaledger/iota.js/blob/feat/stardust/packages/iota/examples/shimmer-alias-transaction-tutorial/src/mint-new-alias.ts).
```
